Add a section on serverless functions (#10)
fluidos-project/quick-start-guide: README.md

</details>

<details>
    <summary> Serverless Function</summary>

> - We leverage [fission.io](https://fission.io/), a framework for serverless functions on Kubernetes, to seamlessly execute functions in a multi-cluster environment like Liqo or FLUIDOS. This enables developers to deploy lightweight, event-driven code that scales dynamically on demand. A detailed description of the installation steps is provided in the following repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We leverage [fission.io](https://fission.io/), a framework for serverless functions on Kubernetes, to seamlessly execute functions in a multi-cluster environment based on FLUIDOS (or Liqo). This enables developers to deploy lightweight, event-driven code that scales dynamically on demand. A detailed description of the installation steps is provided at page:
```
